Add release notes for 5.13.2 (#1766)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.13/release-notes.md

menu: "sensu-go-5.13"
---

> - [5.13.1 release notes](#5-13-0-release-notes)

Reviewer: good catch

---

## 5.13.2 release notes

**September 19, 2019** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, vison 5.13.2, is now available for download.

> This release is a stability release that fixes a bug for users that have the postgresql event store enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release is a stability release that fixes a bug for users who have enabled the postgresql event store.
```

See the [upgrade guide][1] to upgrade Sensu to version 5.13.2.

**Fixes:**

> - Metrics handlers now fire correctly when the postgresql event store is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Metrics handlers now correctly receive metric points when the postgresql event store is enabled.
```
